hi everybody we're here with Jack Jack
and he's going to unbox a toy for you
today
Jack Jack what do you have a semi truck
cool is it a matchbox car no yes it
really is a matchbox car can you bring
it here so we can have a look we'll look
at the box before we open it up
wow this is the mbx construction torque
tight and you can see them there okay
are you ready to open it up I'm gonna
give you a little bit of a hand upon it
we need scissors no we don't need
scissors for these okay can you take it
out
we made the scissors to cut this oh you
want it perfect okay pull it out okay
can you show it for the camera hold it
up hold it right here so everyone could
see dad he's gonna hold it close cool
you spin the wheels Joey I can't see
into it yeah spin him
hey Jack Jack can you drive that along
the road yeah okay Jack Jack and you
slowly drive that
I'm dropping not and not right here
right here
let's get another frost
Molly I know you want to eat it but you
can't it's bad for you
say bye-bye